TO DO:
Think of a name for the web application.

Functions we need for project - Every User

Login - Every page should have a check to see if the user is logged in, if not it should go to the login screen.

Upload - Upload a pdf file which can then be viewed separately on the main system
		should also log into an sql table for the "search" part of the system
			insert into Storage(documentTitle, author, dateOfUpload) values ('lolwut', 'Ross Taylor' , '16-09-2016');

Profile - Should list a page showing information about the person. This can include an email, documents uploaded and reviews this person has made.
		depending on the user it should have customisation depending on what authorisation level the user is.

Notifications - A page which will tell the user if they have had there document reviewed, need to review a document or any kind of notification they will receive through the system.
		uploader will be told if review has been made on their document.
		reviewer will be told if they have been assigned a document to review, or if there permission to review a document is approved or denied.
		Chairman will be told if they need to assign reviewers to a document. Chairman should also be told if reviews could be unfair with the flagging function.
		
Log off - Should return the user to the login screen.


Functions we need for project - Reviewers

Search - Searches a table showing all the available pdf's, also listing author and reviewers.
		clicking this should allow a user to request review rites to this document, along with allowing to read other reviews.
			select * from Storage where documentTitle = 'lolwut';
		need to be able to request review access to a document. needs to be approved by a chairman. 
		need to implement a flagging system for reviews along with a "how much that person knows about this subject" system. (Javascript for loops?)
		need to be able to create a review providing you have the rites to make a review. text box with upload along with rating and knowledge fields?
		
Live chat - A feature that should be on the page of a document, that only the reviewers of that project can access.
		probably will function similar to the reviews, live chat should refresh itself every few seconds to check for updates.
			could use an sql table storing comments relevant to a particular document.
				select comment, timeOfComment from Comments where documentName = 'lolwut';
			should also be separate view from the main document page, even though it is the chat from that document.
			
Functions we need for project - Chairman

Assign reviewers - A list of documents that have no reviewers or not enough should be listed along with drop down bars, which will allow the chairman to assign reviewers
		should also include a list of reviewers who have requested access to review this document.
		